Hit what is up guys in Malcolm X now in this video we will be working up in the designing of this website
so let's just go ahead and let's just go to our dashboard OK and let's go to the Customize cell.
Here in the Customize section we can design a web site you guys already know about it.
So let's just view everything and let's see that how can we edit this theme so you can see that first
we have the menu and then we have the categories and everything here.
OK.
We also have the blog.
So let's just come here to the classified side you can just change it like how you want to change it.
So I'm just going to change it to be like just make it like classifieds website and it is going to be
just another word prescript say display site title and tag line.
No I don't want to display this so we can see this is right here.
And then we have the site icon which is this.
OK.
We go out and we have the site.
So here it's like standard style directly to Derek Freestyle.
So this will be like direct freestyle.
If you just choose the layout to be like standard style and then you can see how the stylus So this
is how this style is.
There is no the ad categories right.
So this is all looking pretty cool.
OK.
And then we have the search field.
So this is like the search field.
How you want it to be.
So you can also make it like 50 percent.
And so this will be like 50 percent.
This is how it does.
OK so but I will just keep it as the so that it looks pretty cool.
And this is like full.
And then we have a short time zone in the footer.
So Showtime slash time zone in the footer so here I can see this is Phrag here.
OK.
So you can work with that you can change the times on make sure that you go to the settings right now
and your dashboard OK.
And then in the profile settings you can work with the times on guys.
This should be you.
You guys should know that because we have this so much time.
Okay.
And then we have the colors so we can just work with the colors like there are some color scheme like
you can select a theme and for it return different style you can see and feel like blue it will turn
blue.
OK.
And we have the green team so it will turn green and we have the red and the teal.
So I think this is cool.
OK.
And I have the background color so I'm just going to make it the same color of this so top navigation
links color you're going to copy this.
I'm going to paste it right here.
So this should be changed.
OK.
This is this.
I think it looks pretty cool.
Yes it looks so great.
OK.
So top navigation links color.
This is just matching exactly the same.
We have top navigation text color and we also have the main background color which is this main background
bar color.
So this I think.
OK.
And then we have the Burtons color and we have the bird and text color and things color or background
color and everything so it is just working exactly the same and again see how Peter Ramsay blogs.
OK we go down and we have the header image so if you just want to change the header image you can just
change it.
OK let's just change it.
I'm just going to go to Choose file upload files and select a new file and the file is going to be I'll
just go to this one the logo and then let's just drugless low.
So this right here is going to select and crop and this is here.
It's like a very long and a cropping made so this will be their coming year.
Here you can see how this is looking and everything is looking pretty cool.
So here you can just add the logo that you want to see you can see how creator of upside it looks.
It can see how perfect and amazing it is looking.
So now we're done a bit done with this.
You can see that we also have these many Israel here.
These are recreated When mean solidest.
OK.
And then we have the so you can get a for like footer.
Call them and the budget so you can work but the main sidebar and then here he can be the Brigitte's
like this.
And this is the main sidebar basically so we can work with it.
You can see we have recent boast recent comments and I can even.
So if I just want to add these ads are like gum glossy press add categories so you can add it so if
I just added for it now you can see it should be added.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to make it to the top and I want it to be like zero.
So zero for all the categories.
It features zero.
OK.
So let's just come here and let's just add more.
So I want to add glossy press featured at so this you should show.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to show them here so you can see the featured ads would
be coming up here.
So everything is looking pretty cool.
So you can see that we have been designing the Web site.
We have the page section.
And then finally we have the additional C Ss.
So here you can add the additional CCS and now you can see that we are totally totally done with of
about.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
I hope you like this website and I hope you enjoyed creating this.
You can you can make money guys.
You just have to focus on the seal.
You have to make sure that your website looks good and the Web site is getting a lot of traffic and
once you stored a Web site like this at a classified website and you just charge like one single dollar
for featured ads and people will buy OK Divell.
Seriously guys.
So now you can see that we are totally done with this so thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stay tuned.
And bely.